include asprof.h in async-profiler release (#1262)
async-profiler/async-profiler: docs/ProfilingNonJavaApplications.md

Similar to the
[Java API](IntegratingAsyncProfiler.md#using-java-api),

> There is a C API for using profiler inside a native application.

Reviewer: I think the lowercase was right here, the sentence is not over yet

Author: Fixed

[Java API](IntegratingAsyncProfiler.md#using-java-api),
there is a C API for using profiler inside a native application.

> This API is bundled with the async-profiler release under `include/asprof.h`

Reviewer 2: "API" is an abstract concept. What is bundled is "C headers for the API". I'd also add a link to asprof.h in the sources.
```suggestion
`Header file for the API is bundled in the async-profiler release package under [`include/asprof.h`](src/asprof.h).
```

Author: Thanks for the great suggestions

Author: Applied

Author: change applied & fixed => link is now working
